# Meteor-UI5-Mongo
This is a Meteor package for using UI5 with Mongo databases.  It contains a new UI5 model for reactively binding meteor collections and queries to UI5 controls.  

## Using this package
This package can be added to your meteor project with `meteor add propellerlabsio:meteor-ui5-mongo`.

Please see the [Meteor Ui5 website](http://meteor-ui5.PropellerLabs.com) for documentation and demos of all of the features of this and the related meteor-ui5 packages. In particular, the following resources might be useful:
* [Quickstart guide](http://meteor-ui5.PropellerLabs.com/#/docs/quickstart)
* [Tutorial](http://meteor-ui5.PropellerLabs.com/#/tutorial/mongo/step/00)

## Contributing

### Cloning and building
1. After cloning the repo, run `npm install` to install build dependencies.
1. Run `npm run-script build` after making any changes to files in the `src/` directory. This will rebuild the `dist/` files and the documentation.  Meteor's own build tool will handle everything after that.

**Note:** if you are getting errors when running the build script specifically at the eslint step, uninstall all of the eslint dependencies including eslint from npm globally.

### Project folder structure
| Path | Purpose |
| ---- | ------- |
| `dist`† | The contents of this meteor package as built by the Grunt tool.   |
| `doc`† | Doc pages as generated by the jsdoc3 tool during the build process. |
| `src` | All of the source files for the package. |
| `temp`† | Temporary build process area. |
 **† WARNING!** Do not make manual changes in these folders as they will be overwritten by the build process.

### Running your copy of the code
To use your local version of the code in a meteor project:
1. Create a `packages` folder in the root of your meteor project
1. In that folder create a symbolic link to the `dist` folder in this repo - e.g. `ln -s ~/git/meteor-ui5-mongo/dist meteor-ui5-mongo`
1. Install the package with the normal command, i.e. `meteor add propellerlabsio:meteor-ui5-mongo`.

## Roadmap

### v0.2 - Current version

### v0.3+

1. Add multifilter support (where single filter object is itself an array of filters with and/or conditions defined between them).
1. Filtering/sorting on list binding to array properties of single documents.
1. Add support for two-way binding (requires allow write to collections - not Meteor best practice which is update via method).
1. Add support for paging.  UI5 instantiates multiple control objects for every record in a list.  Need to limit the amount of front-end memory consumed when paging through large lists.
1. Add tests

### Maybe

1. Add TreeBinding model

## Version history
| Version | Description |
| ---- | ------- |
| `0.1.0` | The initial version. |
| `0.2.0` | Create library so model files can be preloaded. |

## License
This software is licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 - see LICENSE.txt
